docs: fix broken links on using workflows section (#14278)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/workflows/section-triggering-a-workflow-branches.md

If you define both `branches`/`branches-ignore` and [`paths`](#onpushpull_requestpull_request_targetpathspaths-ignore), the workflow will only run when both filters are satisfied.

> The `branches` and `branches-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to escape each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `branches` and `branches-ignore` keywords accept glob patterns that use characters like `*`, `**`, `+`, `?`, `!` and others to match more than one branch name. If a name contains any of these characters and you want a literal match, you need to escape each of these special characters with `\`. For more information about glob patterns, see the "[Filter pattern cheat sheet](/actions/using-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#filter-pattern-cheat-sheet)."
```
